"Use Tickets" tutorial (#953)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/_snippets/generate-step.md

          data.account.secret +
          "</span>").show()
        $("#balance").hide().html('<strong>Balance:</strong> ' +
          Number(data.balance).toLocaleString('en') +
          ' XRP').show()

        // Automatically populate examples with these credentials...
        // Set sender address
        $("code span:contains('"+EXAMPLE_ADDR+"')").each( function() {
          let eltext = $(this).text()
          $(this).text( eltext.replace(EXAMPLE_ADDR, data.account.address) )
        })

        // Set sender secret
        $("code span:contains('"+EXAMPLE_SECRET+"')").each( function() {
          let eltext = $(this).text()
          $(this).text( eltext.replace(EXAMPLE_SECRET, data.account.secret) )
        })

        $("#populate-creds-status").text("Populated this page's examples with these credentials.")

        complete_step("Generate")

      },
      error: function() {
        $("#loader-generate").hide();
        alert("There was an error with the Testnet. Please try again.");
      }
    })
  })

  const EXAMPLE_ADDR = "rPT1Sjq2YGrBMTttX4GZHjKu9dyfzbpAYe"
  const EXAMPLE_SECRET = "s████████████████████████████"

})
</script>

> **Caution:** Ripple provides the [XRP Ledger Testnet](parallel-networks.html) for testing purposes only, and regularly resets the state of the test net along with all balances. As a precaution, Ripple recommends **not** using the same addresses on Testnet and Mainnet.

Reviewer: Just a nitpick here
```suggestion
**Caution:** Ripple provides the Testnet and Devnet [parallel networks](parallel-networks.html) for testing purposes only, and sometimes resets the state of these test networks along with all balances. As a precaution, Ripple recommends **not** using the same addresses on Testnet/Devnet and Mainnet.
```
